How is Senior Brother?
How is this power so powerful?
Who are you?
You don't deserve to know who I am
Ah!
Junior sister didn't expect you to die to save me
But it doesn't matter.
I will definitely avenge you.
Now I'm going to suck your thorns
No strength hum
He actually died so that his junior sister's essence would lose its strength
Grandpa, he is your junior sister.
How can you suck blood and fucking energy, Pogo
Far from enough
Hahaha misdelivery
We are friends, right?
We are a gang
Because there is no king
I just need to suck your essence
Only by inhaling your essence
Can I be stronger?
Don't come over you don't come over
Don't come over
Ah!
Hahahahaha
Zhang Shouchang, now I'm not what I used to be
Even if you are a fairy of the earth, I can fight with you
This goblin is crazy
Handbrake, run!
You bite him once.
I can't beat him a second time.
His strength seems to be strong again
What should we do?
Brother Beast
Xiu'er Jing'er, you don't want to die
Never mind that Zhang Shoucheng is a little demon
Dare to compete with the locals
I think you are crazy
Anyway, I have no way out
Why not?
To have grown to such strength
You want to fight with me, but you don't care to fight with you